---
title: 2017 LaPorte Service League Play
date: '2016-12-01 08:43:59'
layout: post
author: 
categories:
- Play
tags:
- lorem
---

Thank you for your interest in the 2017 performance of **_The Top Job_**. This marks our 84th year of bringing live theater to the children of LaPorte. Research has shown that student engagement in dramatic retelling of a story greatly improves understanding of the story. We strive for our performances to inspire children of all ages to indulge in using their imagination, to laugh, to experience the magic of live theater.

Our dedication to the enrichment of our community is evident in our annual stage play. Members of LaPorte Service Service League prepare each aspect of the production from acting to costume design to lighting and sound. By demonstrating the importance of teamwork, planning, and hard work, we hope to encourage students to use their talents to make a positive contribution to their community.

<hr />

### The Top Job
Book and lyrics by Robin Moyer Chung<br />
Music by Brian Feinstein

> _It's career day at school and everyone's parents have really cool jobs...except for Jenna's. Already shy, Jenna can't bear to tell the other kids that her dad changes light bulbs for a living. But when she goes to work with her dad for a day in New York City, Jenna discovers that he might just have the coolest job of all, and she might just have the confidence to speak up about it. This fantastically funny family-friendly musical shows just how "top" a top job can be!_

<hr />

#### Reservations
Please join us Sunday, January 29th at 1pm for the public premiere of <em>The Top Job.</em> Groups can make reservations for 9:30am Monday-Thursday and 1:00pm Monday-Wednesday. All performances are at the LaPorte High School Auditorium. The suggested donation is $.50 for students and $1.00 for adults.

To reserve seats for your organization, please complete <a href="https://goo.gl/forms/3qr5q0sm2HWHO6NQ2" target="_blank">this form</a>.

<strong>Sunday’s and Saturday’s performances will go on UNLESS LaPorte County is under a RED Warning level travel advisory.</strong>
You can track that here: <a href="http://www.in.gov/dhs/traveladvisory/">http://www.in.gov/dhs/traveladvisory/</a>.

<strong>Weekday plays will be determined by the LaPorte Community School Corporation.</strong>
From their website you can sign up to receive text, voice call, or email alerts: <a href="http://www.lpcsc.k12.in.us/closings.asp">click here</a>.

<hr />

#### Enrichment Materials and activities

Members of Service League collaborate to create a packet of materials that can be used in the classroom either as a SmartBoard activity, or printed as classroom enrichment worksheets. Activities are aligned with educational standards and are appropriate for elementary students. While the enrichment activities are in development for <i>The Top Job</i>, you may refer to the materials from 2016's <em>Little Red Riding Hood and the Magic Dragon</em>, 2015's <em>Pirates!</em> and 2014's <em>Peter and the Wolf.</em>

<hr />

#### Frequently Asked Questions
For a list of Frequently Asked Questions relating to the annual LaPorte Service League Play, <a href="/FAQ/" target="_blank">click here</a>.